docs: update guides for auto app discovery and restartable apps (#2915)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs/docs/guides/auto-app-discovery.md

that are provided by Keptn:

![Application deployment trace](./assets/trace.png)

To execute pre-/post-deployment checks for a `KeptnApp`,
a `KeptnAppContext` with the same name as the `KeptnApp`
can be created.
The `KeptnAppContext` contains a list of
pre-/post-deployment tasks and evaluations
that should be executed before and after the
workloads withing the `KeptnApp` are being deployed.

> See the [Getting started guide](../getting-started/lifecycle-management.md#more-control-over-the-application)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

See the [Getting started guide](../getting-started/lifecycle-management.md#more-control-over-the-application)
```

that are provided by Keptn:

![Application deployment trace](./assets/trace.png)

> To execute pre-/post-deployment checks for a `KeptnApp`,
> a `KeptnAppContext` with the same name as the `KeptnApp`
> can be created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To execute pre-/post-deployment checks for a `KeptnApp`,
create a `KeptnAppContext` with the same name and in the same `namespace` as the `KeptnApp`.
```

The `KeptnAppContext` contains a list of
pre-/post-deployment tasks and evaluations
that should be executed before and after the

> workloads withing the `KeptnApp` are being deployed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
workloads within the `KeptnApp` are deployed.
```
